Epic Stories
As a stuff, I want to maintain the inventory of their various ingredients by checking the inventory level that system provided, so I can fullfill the ingredients on time.

User Stories

S-US1: As a stuff, I want to be able create and delete product in system by input the product name, ingredients and ingredient demand quantity, so that I can create the connection between the product and ingredients

S-US2: As a stuff, I want to be able to create and delete ingredient types in system, so that I can bring in new and cancel any product.

S-US3: As a stuff, I want to be able to check the inventory levels at any time, and the system should be able to update the inventory levels once the orders are created, so that I can check and prepare to replenish the stocks.

S-US4: As a stuff, I want to be able to get the notification to my email when any ingredients are  reaching insufficient level, so that I can prevent any ingredient insufficient problem.


User Story Points
1 User Story Point (USP) = 3 hours.

S-US1: 2 USP
S-US2: 2 USP
S-US3: 1 USP
S-US4: 2 USP

Priority of Implementation
Scale of 1-5. 1 being lowest priority, 3 being highest.

S-US1: 4
S-US2: 3
S-US3: 2
S-US4: 1

Acceptance criteria:

S-US1:
1. Stuff can create and delete the products by input the products name, ingredients name and ingredients unit and quantity.
2. After the stuff click submit or delete button, the system will update the database.

S-US2: 

1. Stuff can create and delete the ingredients by input the ingredients name, unit, quantities and notification threshold. Types are whole quantities, drink bottle amount, millilitre, grams.
2. After the stuff click submit or delete button, the system will update the database.

S-US3:
1. The system will provide a search text box. Stuff can input the ingredients name for searching, even the incomplete name can also be searched.
2. Then the system will show the ingredient information such as name, unit, inventory level on the screen.

S-US4:
1. The system will check and update the availablity after every order be created. 
2. If the ingredients reach the notification threshhold, the system will send a email to stuff.
3. The email content should include the ingredient name, the notification threshhold.
4. If the ingredients reach 0 level, the system will update the relative product availability.
5. If an order is created, the relative ingredient will be decremented accordingly. 
6. Stuff can click the button "update ingredient" manually.
7. If the ingredients are fullfilled, the system will update the product availability.



